README.md, before:

# Beginning C++ Through Game Programming

This repository contains code fragments, notes and exercises from the book Beginning C++ Through Game Programming, Third Edition by Michael Dawson.

I started this repository as a way to mix up working through some more challenging algorithms textbooks while learning some (albeit outdated) C++.

## Structure

This repository has been broken down by Chapter. Each Chapter contains a markdown file containing notes as well as an index for code fragments. Code fragments are subdivided into

1. Examples - Code fragments provided by the books
2. Exercises - Solutions to Exercises

## Content

1. [Chapter 1](./Chapter1/Chapter1.md) - Types Variables and Standard I/O: [Lost Fortune](./Chapter1/Chapter1.md#major-project-lost-fortune)
2. [Chapter 2](./Chapter2/Chapter2.md) - Truth, Branching and the Game Loop: Guess My Number
3. [Chapter 3](./Chapter3/Chapter3.md) - For Loops, Strings and Arrays: Word Jumble
4. [Chapter 4](./Chapter4/Chapter4.md) - The Standard Template Library: Hangman
5. [Chapter 5](./Chapter5/Chapter5.md) - Functions: Mad Lib
6. [Chapter 6](./Chapter6/Chapter6.md) - References: Tic-Tac-Toe

## Code Style

Generally each Chapter is treated by restricting oneself to the parts of the language as presented in the book up to that point. Where we deviate from this we will generally make reference to doing so.

Commit message:

Added direct link to guess my number to the table of contents, explained the structure of the Chapter notes structures

README.md, after:

# Beginning C++ Through Game Programming

This repository contains code fragments, notes and exercises from the book Beginning C++ Through Game Programming, Third Edition by Michael Dawson.

I started this repository as a way to mix up working through some more challenging algorithms textbooks while learning some (albeit outdated) C++.

## Structure

This repository has been broken down by Chapter. Each Chapter contains a markdown file containing notes as well as an index for code fragments. Code fragments are subdivided into

1. Examples - Code fragments provided by the books
2. Exercises - Solutions to Exercises

Each Chapters markdown file is broken down into

1. *Examples* - Links and descriptions of code fragments provided by the books
2. *Exercises*
    1. **Discussion Questions and Answers**
    2. **Code Examples** - Contains a description of the exercise, a link to a code implementation and an explanation of the solution
3. *Notes* - Short abbreviated notes from the main body of the chapter
4. *Summary* - Summary dot points provided at the end of a chapter
5. *Questions and Answers* - Provided Questions and Answers from the chapter

## Content

1. [Chapter 1](./Chapter1/Chapter1.md) - Types Variables and Standard I/O: [Lost Fortune](./Chapter1/Chapter1.md#major-project-lost-fortune)
2. [Chapter 2](./Chapter2/Chapter2.md) - Truth, Branching and the Game Loop: [Guess My Number](./Chapter2/Chapter2.md#major-project-guess-my-number)
3. [Chapter 3](./Chapter3/Chapter3.md) - For Loops, Strings and Arrays: Word Jumble
4. [Chapter 4](./Chapter4/Chapter4.md) - The Standard Template Library: Hangman
5. [Chapter 5](./Chapter5/Chapter5.md) - Functions: Mad Lib
6. [Chapter 6](./Chapter6/Chapter6.md) - References: Tic-Tac-Toe

## Code Style

Generally each Chapter is treated by restricting oneself to the parts of the language as presented in the book up to that point. Where we deviate from this we will generally make reference to doing so.
